---
layout: post
title: "Session was accepted - 2020 Ocean Sciences Meeting"
date: 2019-07-30
---

<div style="text-align:justify" markdown="1">

The session proposed: **"The dynamics of buoyancy-driven flows in estuaries, continental shelves and polar seas"**,
got accepted at the 2020 Ocean Sciences Meeting.

The Ocean Sciences Meeting 2020 is taking place in San Diego, California, 16-21 February, 2020. Please, consider submitting an abstract to this session:

<p> **CP015 - The dynamics of buoyancy-driven flows in estuaries, continental shelves and polar seas**</p>

<p>Freshwater entering estuaries and the coastal ocean influences physical and biogeochemical processes that take place at the interface between terrestrial and oceanic environments. Understanding mixing and dynamics of these flows are key to predict how materials and substances are delivered to continental shelves and the deep ocean, and how they may impact marine ecosystems. The dynamics of buoyancy-driven flows are complex and influenced by a number of factors, including freshwater discharge, winds, waves, tides, ambient currents, stratification and bathymetry. Hydrodynamics in these systems profoundly impact the regional-scale ecological and biogeochemical processes in addition to various physical processes such as sediment transport and ocean-cryosphere interactions. The multi-scale nature of these flows provides great challenges from both an observational and modeling standpoint. Modern technological advances have allowed recent progress in monitoring and understanding the dynamics of these flows, which are fundamental for the proper management of ecologically and socially relevant coastal regions. We welcome submissions that investigate the wide spectrum of scales of buoyancy-driven flows in estuaries, continental shelves and polar regions, using observational, numerical, remote sensing, laboratory and theoretical approaches.
</p>


- Session link: (<a href='https://agu.confex.com/agu/osm20/prelim.cgi/Session/85000'> https://agu.confex.com/agu/osm20/prelim.cgi/Session/85000 </a>)

* The abstract submission deadline is 11 September 2019, 23:59 EDT.

We look forward to seeing you at OSM 2020!

Chair:
- Piero Mazzini, Estuary & Ocean Science Center, San Francisco State University

Co-Chairs:
- Sarah Giddings, Scripps Institution of Oceanography, UCSD
- Rebecca Jackson, Rutgers
- Joseph Jurisa, University of Maryland Center for Environmental Science Horn Point Laboratory

</div>
